Previously on
Sons of Anarchy...
Cortisone helping?
I’m fine without it.
Cameron directed
his vengeance
at the wrong target.
Now he’s got my son.
We know he’s got
a fake passport.
He’s got to be
back in Belfast.
No, my intel says
he’s still here.
I got a hit
for Timothy O’Dell,
Arbutus Lodge,
Vancouver.
What do you do
if you want to find somebody
north of the border?
Mercenaries.
Ten grand a head.
You know
we’re going to have to
leave this place soon,
go someplace where people
can take care of you.
Charming City Council
put a motion before
the San Joa judge.
Won a new bail hearing
in the assault case.
What does that mean?
Means everyone goes
back inside until trial.
Wait until dark.
Mark him.
I want everyone to know
Cammy Hayes came home.
I’ve come for
the boy, Mo.
Why?
Where you taking him?
A good Catholic family.
He’s already got a family.
This is best for now.
No circulation.
I’ll cut one hand free,
let the blood flow back in.
Where are the keys
to Nate’s car?
I don’t know
where they are.
No!
Any ideas here?
Jax can’t know
about this.
Bachman.
Bachman’s based out
of Crescent City.
He works for around
two or three grand,
but he is good.
- Where is she?
- Where’s who?
I just got an e-mail
from the Belfast VP.
This was taken
six hours ago.
Short Strand, Belfast.
Cameron’s in Ireland.
Then where’s Abel?
I needed Cammy to go away,
not to be splayed out
for public consumption.
Army Council sanctioned it.
Felt the NorCal operation
had been compromised
by Cameron and Eddy.
A message was needed.
They put that
mismanagement on you.
The snags,
which were out of my control,
are all being righted.
Good.
When I return
the baby to Jax Teller,
it’s finished.
We all move on.
I think it’s best
we keep the child
here for now.
He’ll be in loving arms
till we know
how this plays out.
I’ll tell you
how it plays out.
A half-mad father
and his MC posse
rolls into Belfast,
he kicks up a shit storm,
and alerts every peeler
on either side of the wall.
The child is not
a bargaining chip.
My point.
This is not about
my agenda with the Sons,
it’s about protecting
the progress we’ve made.
And the profits you’ve made.
Aye. Aye, Father,
I earn.
And it’s my bloody efforts
that pump cash
into our dying fight.
Now, you remember that.
Keeping the child here
was not my decision.
Bollocks.
Army Council sways
to your brilliant advice.
I offer the guidance
of a priest,
try and keep us focused
on God’s will.
Well, maybe it’s God’s will
I give SAMCRO a ring-up,
and tell ’em the boy’s gone
because the priest
gave him away to
a pair of loving arms.
I think God and everyone
with hands folded to him
would flag that move
extremely capricious.
I would pray on it.
I got him.
Jimmy.
Tell me you have my son.
I’m sorry,
I don’t, Jackson.
Real Army boys
grabbed Cammy
at Central Station.
Abel wasn’t with him.
Well, they had to grill him
before they tied off his neck.
No, it happened fast.
Where the hell is my kid?
I understand
your rage, friend.
If it were my son–
But it’s not!
Abel wasn’t
with Cammy in Belfast,
which means your boy
is still in Vancouver.
Every word you’ve spit
about my kid has been wrong.
I’m not gonna trust
this wave of bullshit.
Well, maybe you’ll
believe a brother.
Jax, Liam O’Neill.
What are you doing
with Jimmy?
His crew’s tied up in Newry.
Hired us to watch his back
while he’s up North.
I was with Jimmy,
saw the Real-provost
scoop up Cammy
outside the depot.
Had no baby with him.
That’s for real.
I should come out there,
talk to the guys
who rounded him up.
Maybe Cameron
mentioned a contact
or a place he took him.
That’ll never happen,
brother.
You know the drill.
The Sons are just hired guns.
Hell, we got two bloody
Loyalists in the charter.
One’s the son
of an Orangeman.
We’re not inside the circle.
Never have been.
Yeah, okay.
He said Abel’s
not in Belfast.
Cameron didn’t bring him.
I explained it to Nate.
I got him to sign.
This gives me
power of attorney,
so if anything happens
while you’re away...
Thanks.
It’s a good place.
Your mom did her research.
The neurologist on staff
specializes in
late-stage Alzheimer’s.
Does it have a garden?
I don’t know.
I can’t believe
I’m sending him off
to a goddamn home.
He’ll be taken care of.
He’ll die alone,
just like she did.
Hands look like mine feel.
We stick with plan A.
You guys drop off the guns.
Me and Clay’ll
pick up Mom.
We all head north,
find my kid.
Here’s ten grand
for Serg’s tracker.
Sold the Panhead.
Thanks, bro.
You ready to do this?
Absolutely, yeah.
Yeah.
I’ll wire that
to Serg’s guy in Vancouver.
Yeah.
Got a favor to ask.
Mom’s in real bad shape.
I’ve been covering
the cost of the hospice,
but the meds
are breaking me.
There’s a dealer
about 20 minutes
outside Rogue River.
She’s a good gal.
Supplies all
the clinics with scrips.
It’s the only way
I can get my emphysema meds.
After we make the drop,
I’ll take Hap
and hook him up.
We meet up at Gemma’s
old man’s house.
Sorry to hear
about your mom.
Thanks.
That dealer,
she got albuterol?
Probably.
Tiki’s going through
three inhalers a week.
Precious is up my ass.
Hey, why not?
Make it a party.
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You’re on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil’s bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
[moaning]
[cell phone buzzes]
[Liam mutters]
Shite!
It’s Jimmy.
Gotta go.
- [sighs]
- [Liam urinating]
What’s wrong?
Hands.
You shoot them up?
Your mom’s the only one
does it right.
Can you hold a grip?
You’re going to
have to tie me on.
Yeah.
That good?
I tried to make it right.
What, Daddy?
You and–
You and your mother.
I know you probably
don’t believe that.
She swallowed
us both up.
I don’t blame you.
She never recovered from
Nathaniel’s death.
Blamed it all on herself.
I know that burden
landed on you.
[sniffs]
I prayed for your mother.
Begged Jesus
to take away her pain.
You turned to God.
Rose turned to Rose.
Her biggest regret...
losing you.
Don’t let your family
slip away.
[motorcycle engines rumbling]
Hey, Gem.
Boys are here.
Come on, Dad.
Let’s go.
Goddamn, I missed you.
Missed you, too, baby.
So much.
My baby boy.
Hey, Mom.
How’s our little man?
He’s good.
Is he with Neeta?
Yeah.
Where’s Tara?
She’s inside.
She’s helping me
box up some shit.
Tig: Grandpa walking.
Clay:
How is Pop doing?
Finally hit him
that she’s gone.
Mmm.
He knows he’s going away.
Gemma:
You guys go on in.
I better go help him
get settled.
It’s going to be
a tough afternoon.
Come on.
How you hanging?
You all right?
- Good to see you, brother.
- You, too.
How’s the shoulder?
It’s all right.
It’s all right,
as long as I don’t run out
of Grandma’s Vicodin.
Can you ride?
Yeah, I think I can.
How about you, brother?
I may have to hit up
Grandma’s stash myself.
I got some
of that for you.
Hey.
Did you just get here?
Yeah.
Is Nate taking
all this stuff?
No.
Gemma wanted to pack up
all the sentimental objects
and valuables,
put them in storage.
The rest goes to the church.
You doing okay?
Yeah.
What is it?
You want the truth, right?
Got to tell you
what’s going on.
Okay.
They’re pulling our bail
on the church assault.
Two days,
we’re all supposed
to go back inside.
Jesus.
Supposed to?
Oh, my God.
Where is he?
Vancouver.
Somewhere.
You’re heading up there?
Yeah.
We hired a guy
to help track him down.
Going to take Gemma,
head out after
Nate’s taken care of.
Did you tell Gemma
about Abel?
Not yet.
We will.
[knock at door]
Oh, hey, brother.
Uh, Clay’s looking for you.
Okay.
- Tara, these boxes
all going down?
- Yes, please.
Is that from Tig?
Yeah.
Where’s the girl?
The one taking care of Nate.
Wasn’t that
who Tig was tapping?
Yeah. She, um...
went home.
Back to Guatemala.
I think she was freaked out.
Yeah, I bet.
[engines rumbling]
Hey, home safe.
Take it easy,
brother.
I’ll call Luke,
let him know we handed
off the guns.
See you guys at Gemma’s.
Safe ride.
Bitch aged me two years.
So, what’s that
going to look like?
Me in Canada?
We’ll get you
set up someplace safe,
off the grid.
Get you good papers.
Maybe you go redhead
for a while.
Oh, Christ.
I’d rather shave my head.
Jax:
Heat will die down, Mom.
And when do I get
to see my family?
My grandson?
We’ll figure it out.
It’s our only choice, baby.
Good to see you, Nate.
How are you?
Hey, Grandpa.
Why are you here?
Clay’s here to help me
get you settled.
I don’t need his help.
This is what
killed your mother.
Well, old man certainly
seems to remember me.
You okay, Mom?
You guys should
just stay clear of him.
Tara and I will handle it.
You have to tell her.
I know.
Maybe we wait
till Nate gets settled.
Spread out the misery.
Bobby?
Bobby:
Yeah, I see them,
and it don’t look good.
Let’s go find Honey.
[cats meowing]
[glass breaking]
Oh, no. Damn.
Man:
Check the cabinet!
Honey, get out of here.
Get her up. Get her up.
- Got to move!
- Shit!
Move!
[gunfire]
- How many of them?
- They’re in the other room.
Other room!
Who the hell
are those guys?
Local peckerwoods.
They run most
of the crank up here.
They decided they want to be
in the scrip-dope business.
Got no service.
All right, tell us
where the drugs are,
or we’ll tear this
whole goddamn place apart!
Suck my ass,
you inbred puddle of piss!
Rip this place apart.
Find them meds.
Bobby:
So we stay in the room.
They find the drugs,
maybe they leave.
[shotgun fires]
That’s not going to happen.
Man:
They ain’t going nowhere.
Check the garage.
Come on.
Let’s go, go, go, go!
Holy shit.
I got over a half
a million in scrip here.
Those tweaker scumbags
will kill us to get it.
I think that’s all of them.
I want to come with you.
To Canada.
No.
Look, I’m the only one
who’s not wanted.
You’re going to need my help.
What I need is for you
to go back to work.
Go back to work.
He’s mine, too.
I want to be with my family.
We’re not your family!
Do you see how deep
I’m buried here?
You don’t want this.
Don’t tell me what I want!
I asked for the truth,
you gave it to me.
So you would stay put!
You’re not coming up north.
Yes, I am!
You want to be an old lady?
Then act like one!
Do what you’re told!
Pack your shit and
head back to Charming.
[clattering]
I just helped your mother
kill someone.
That old lady enough for you?
What are you talking about?
The caretaker.
She attacked your mother.
What the hell did you do?
I had no choice–
it was self-defense.
Tig helped us
get rid of the body.
[footsteps]
Found one more.
What?
Oh, shit.
What happened?
- Clay:
Got to go.
- I’m dealing with something.
Yeah, so are
Bobby and Piney.
What’s going on?
Apparently, our lovely ladies
whacked the caretaker.
And this idiot helped them!
What?
Actually, I just made
a phone call.
Clay:
Jesus Christ.
This– later.
Clay:
Let’s go.
Douchebag.
What happened to,
“Oh, we can’t tell
Jax about anything”?
You two are killing me.
Sorry.
[sighs]
I lost it.
I don’t know what
the hell he wants anymore.
What do you want?
I’m just trying to get closer.
I want to go with you
to Vancouver.
No.
That’s a bad idea.
I thought you,
more than anyone,
would understand.
We’re going to need
you in Charming.
If Jax goes away for
that church assault,
and I’m God knows where,
someone has to take
care of Abel.
No one I trust more than you.
You’ll be a good mom.
[Tara sobbing]
I’m sorry.
[laughing]
I better go help
Nate get ready.
[sniffs]
I’ll be going with you.
Someone might see you.
My risk.
[Irish folk song playing]
How are you, Mo?
Jesus.
How’d you get in?
Your lovely daughter.
What are you doing here?
Looking for you.
I know Cammy came to you
to set a meeting
with your brother.
Makes sense.
I know you’d be my first choice
to take care
of a wayward infant.
Jimmy O’Phelan–
the all-seeing, all-knowing
wizard of East Belfast.
Where’s the baby, Maureen?
He’s not here.
What do you care?
He belongs with his da.
It’s not my decision
or yours.
But we know
whose decision it is.
And you have sway
with the good priest.
Jimmy, I’m a half-broke
shopkeeper.
I’ve no sway with...
Things are in flux, darling.
The world is changing.
And life and the Short Strand
had better bend to it,
or we’ll all snap like a twig.
You need to decide
what end of the stick
you want to be holding.
I’d hate to see you
and your tight wee family
out on the street.
I don’t know where the baby is.
I suggest you inquire.
Soon, yeah?
[gunshot]
Man: All right,
we know the scrips
got to be in there.
You guys with the patches, we
ain’t got no scrap with you.
Ain’t no reason you should
get your head blown off
guarding some hippie drugger.
So here’s the deal–
take what you came for,
all you want, on the house.
And you just walk away.
We both win.
What do you say?
90% of her stuff goes to
hospices and clinics.
Well, then we say...
[gun hammer cocking]
[gunfire]
[cat yowling]
Keep moving.
Easy, asshole.
Man:
Got your boys.
You put them guns down
or Grandpa gets
his head blown off.
Clay:
This ain’t the way
to handle it.
Do it!
Now!
[motorcycles approaching]
Clay:
Should I call
for more backup?
Your move, Fester.
Shit.
Why in the hell
are you doing this?
Because we’re the good guys.
Found these in the van.
Whoa-ho, goodie bags.
More scrips.
That’s not mine.
Must have hit somebody
else up, too.
You should take it.
It’s HIV protocol stuff–
steroids.
It’s not my niche.
It’s got a lot
of street value, though.
Throw it in the van.
Money’s money.
You made a crazy ex-wife
very happy.
Thank you.
For your ma.
I think y’all earned it.
Whenever you need any help,
Rogue River SOA
is only 20 minutes away.
[wolf whistle]
I’ll be fine.
I know.
[all hooting]
Knock it off.
I’ll go tell
the front desk we’re here.
Okay.
Daddy, do you know
where we are?
Where’s Rose?
She’s not here.
I want to go home.
Take me home.
Daddy...
Please.
No, please, please,
just-just-just take me...
take me home.
Please.
Gemma: I can’t.
I-I can’t.
I want to go home!
I know, Dad...
This way, Nate.
No, no... I-I...
I want to go home.
I-I-I...
No, I have– I have...
Come on.
I have to go home.
There’s lots of people
waiting to meet you.
- I’m sorry, Dad.
- I’d like to go home now!
- No, no, no, I-I-I...
- Doctor:
Come on, there.
No, I have to–
please, I have to go home now.
I can’t.
No, no, please.
I-I...
Daddy...
It’s okay.
It’s going to be okay, Nate.
[door opens]
Father...
Jimmy just paid me a visit.
That bastard threatened me.
Said we’d be out on the street
when things change.
He wants me
to find the child.
Nothing’s changing, Mo.
My family’s getting hurt
because of your dick-fueled
power struggle, Kel!
You and Trinnie
are gonna be safe.
You know that.
What I know,
what I can’t get right with
is a man of God
giving away a wee baby!
That child is out there, Kel,
with no da, no kin
belonging to it.
What are you thinking?
Do you know why Jimmy
wants to end our
association with the MC?
McGee said something
about not bringing in
outsiders anymore.
About putting the tasks
of the Sons onto
Real Army men.
Right.
Not men...
boys.
Jimmy’s circle has been
down in Newry, South Armagh,
recruiting off the streets;
broken kids.
Some as young as ten, 11.
Promising there’ll
be a united Ireland,
all the cash and prizes
that go with it.
This isn’t a child’s war, Mo.
Jimmy’s lost sight of
who we are, why we struggle.
He’s not a soldier anymore.
Just a gangster.
It’s a very...
delicate situation.
We need someone
from the outside
to help us with Jimmy.
Someone who’s got
as much to lose as we do.
SAMCRO.
I think it’s time
you gave Gemma Teller
another call,
mother-to-mother.
Let her know her
grandson’s here.
How did you know
I called Gemma Teller?
She’s on the run,
won’t be using
her own cell.
Probably a throwaway.
I’ll make some inquiries,
see if I can get the number.
[sobbing softly]
[keypad beeping]
[phone line rings]
Hello?
Uh, could you connect me
to Agent Stahl?
It’s very important.
I got a line on a fugitive.
What happened?
She just took off.
Clay:
What do you mean
she took off?
I went inside
to check in Nate.
When I came back,
Gemma and the car were gone.
- Did she say anything?
- No.
She was crying
when I left her.
Nate was begging her
to take him home.
It broke her heart.
Jesus.
She went home!
She went to see her family.
Abel.
[soft ballad playing]
♪ Like a bird on the wire ♪
♪ Like a drunk in
a midnight choir ♪
♪ I have tried in my way
to be free ♪
♪ Like a worm on a hook ♪
♪ Like a knight
from an old-fashioned book ♪
♪ I’ve saved all my ribbons ♪
[knocking at door]
♪ For thee ♪
♪ And if I have
been unkind ♪
♪ I hope that you
just let it go by ♪
♪ And if I have ♪
♪ Have been untrue ♪
♪ I hope that you know
it was never to you ♪
Neeta?
Where the hell’d
she take him?
[babies crying]
♪ And if I have ♪
♪ Been so unkind ♪
♪ I hope that you
just let it all go by ♪
♪ And if I have ♪
♪ Have been untrue ♪
♪ I hope that you know
it was never to you ♪
Neeta been here with the baby?
No.
♪ And if I have ♪
♪ Have been untrue ♪
[phone rings]
♪ I hope that you know ♪
Yeah?
Gemma?
It’s Maureen Ashby.
Know who I am?
Yeah.
How’d you get this number?
Just listen.
Cammy Hayes
took your grandson.
He was my cousin.
He brought the wee one to me
to take care of him.
What?
Abel’s in Belfast.
♪ Like a bird ♪
[Gemma gasps]
♪ On the wire ♪
[motorcycles approach]
♪ Like a drunk in
a midnight choir ♪
[gasps]
♪ I have tried ♪
Mom!
♪ In my way to be free... ♪
Breathe!
Ma, breathe, breathe!
[Gemma gasps]
Tara!
♪ I have tried
in my own way ♪
♪ To be free ♪